Presentation:
Hello, welcome on our tutorial video : how to use NetVOD.
NetVOD is our streaming app where you can see many series with a huge catalogue.
NetVOD is free and legal without ads.
When you arrive on NetVOD you can create an account by clicking on the button "S'inscrire" or 
connect you with the button "Se connecter".
We gonna talk about the sign up page.



Sign up Page/log in :
On the register page you can create your account with an email and a password.
We asked to confirm your password to be sure you don't write a wrong password.
Your email is store on our dataBase and your password is crypted whith Bcrypt.
The email has to be correct with a '@' and a '.com' at the end for example.
The password has to do 10 characters for security and be sure your password is safe.
Next see the log in page 

On the log in page you have to write your email and your password of your account.
If you have forgot your password we don't have do the features to recover your password so don't forget it.
If the email and the password is correct you have acces to your homepage else you have a warning message if your email or your password isn't correct.


Once you are connected, you arrive on the User's home page.
Here, you can find your favorite series, series you are currently watching and your finished series.
When a currents series is finished, it goes to the finished series.
Moreover, you can access your profile to add or modify your information.
You can also access our catalogue and you can log out.


You have the possibility to access your profile by clicking on "Profile" on the home page.
You can then add your surname, name and your favorite kind of series. By clicking on
"Add", you save your information in your profile. If you make a mistake or you 
would like to change information, click on "Modify", you will be able to modify 
everything.

To consult the series proposed by our platform, click on the "Catalogue" button on the home page.
You can then view all available series on netVOD. You have the possibility
to filter the series by kind or by public. You can also sort the series by episode names, 
rating assigned by other users, and date added on NetVOD. If you like a series, 
You can add it to your favorite series by clicking on "Like" and if you no longer like it
by clicking on "I don't like".

When you click on series, its description is displayed, with its release date and its average score.
Of course, you have the list of episodes whith their names and durations.
And at the bottom, you have a button to see the list of comments.


When you click on episode, the title, a summary and the duration display and the video begins
You have the possibility to post a comment and rate this series.





